♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is
the island of Punk Hazard,
where they face off against the
mad scientist, Caesar Clown.
Fleeing from his deadly weapon,
Land of the Dead,
they storm his laboratory.
Their mission is to capture him,
free the children he imprisoned,
and escape the island.
But that's some gratitude,
after I took him in!
I treated that punk like a
brother and this is what I get?
A pity, huh?
Indeed it is.
I know this will be
difficult for you, Vergo,
but I need you to
take care of Law.
Also, make it as cruel and
gruesome as you can manage.
I want him to suffer.
[LUFFY]
"Luffy Dies from Exposure?!
The Spine-chilling
Snow Woman Monet!
I can't help but feel like I've
been bitten by my very own dog.
Law.
[LAW gasps]
[VERGO] I'm afraid that you've
crossed the line this time, kid.
You're just too damn
smart for your own good.
Know what's sad about
folks like you?
[VERGO]
They tend to die at a young age.
[VERGO] It'd be really
easy for me to kill you.
All I'd have to do is
crush your heart.
But you know what?
I'm not gonna do that.
'Cause that's no fun.
No, I wanna torment you.
I can't wait to wipe that
smart-ass look off your face,
and watch you tremble with fear.
[VERGO]
Just like last time!
[LAW gasps, groans]
[grunts]
[VERGO]
Hmph.
[LAW groans]
Stand up, Law. You can't die
this early in the fight.
[gasps]
Damn it! What the heck
does she want from me?
Hey! Lady! Show yourself!
I told you I won't let
you go after the Master!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Jeez, this thing again? Argh!
This'll be easy!
Gum-gum... Jet Pistol!
[LUFFY grunts]
Aw, come on! Not another wall!
Gum-Gum... Jet Gatling!
[LUFFY yells]
[laughs]
[yells]
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY] What? You've gotta
be kiddin' me!
Hey! What's the
big idea, bird-lady?
How do you like my
ten-layer igloo?
Quite a bit thicker than
the last one, isn't it?
You see, it's much harder to
break through the snow walls
when they're layered
on top of one another.
You're just tryin' to
buy time, aren't ya?
This thing can't hold me!
[MONET]
You're right.
In fact, you could probably
break through all the snow walls
in a matter of seconds.
If you agree, then why
even bother?
[MONET] Ha! Don't get
so fired up, Straw Hat.
[LUFFY gasps]
[MONET chuckles]
There is no way that
I'm losing to you!
[MONET]
That's a good point.
Struggle as I may, I have no
chance of ever beating you.
[LUFFY gasps]
[MONET]
However...
...sometimes it's the smartest,
not the strongest,
who wins the fight.
[gasps]
[LUFFY gasps, shivers]
It's so cold. It's like
you're made of ice.
Let go of me!
[MONET]
You can't push me away.
Now that I've got
you in my embrace,
you no longer have the
strength to break free.
Slowly but surely, my icy
body will drain your power
until there's nothing left.
Eventually...
Your heart will freeze.
Soon you'll fall asleep,
and then die.
[gasps]
[MONET]
Would you look at that?
It's snowing heavily
all around you.
[MONET] You're starting to
feel sleepy, aren't you?
Don't fight it.
Let it wash over you.
[LUFFY exhales]
[MONET]
It feels good, doesn't it?
Now, slowly close your eyes.
There you go... Just relax.
[MONET]
Good night.
[ZORO]
You have got to get it together!
We're in the New World!
Stakes are high!
[gasps, grunts]
[MONET gasps]
Jet Spear!
Through the floor?
[LUFFY chuckles]
[LUFFY gasps, shouts]
[LUFFY grunts]
[yells]
[MONET]
What tremendous power he has!
But that tumble is
going to land him
in the trash shoot
which leads straight
to the garbage dump
that's deep underground.
He won't be able to make it up
here again, unless he can fly.
He dug his own grave,
so to speak. Mm-hm! So long!
[laughs]
[LUFFY yells]
[CHILDREN]
Candy! We want candy!
Please, you've gotta
listen to me!
You can't eat anymore,
it's bad for you!
[KONBU]
Hand it over!
I know it's hard,
but resist the temptation!
I need you to believe me!
You've gotta be strong!
You're not getting
past me, kids.
I'm not gonna let you go back
inside the Biscuit Room!
[BOY I]
We want it! Now!
[KONBU]
Let us through!
Gimme candy!
[CHOPPER]
Stop right there!
Let go of me!
I just need a little bit!
No, you can't!
Let go! You're hurting me!
[CHOPPER gasps]
Are you okay?
I'm sorry, I didn't
mean to hurt you.
Get outta our way, you monster!
We want our candy!
[CHOPPER grunts]
[CHOPPER]
This won't work.
I can't stop them
without hurting them!
Here's our chance!
Get to the Biscuit Room!
No, stop!
Stay outta there, kids!
[CHOPPER] Uh-oh! The effects of
the Rumble Ball are wearing off!
Now we can eat all the candy!
[grunts, shouts]
[GIRL A]
Candy!
[DOLAN] Hurry! Let's go back
to the Biscuit Room!
[BIYO]
I can't wait to have some!
No! That stuff's bad for you!
[grunts] What'll I do?
I'm so weak I can't move!
I'm stuck!
Don't eat the candy!
You can't ingest any
more of the drug!
If you do, it'll wreak
havoc on your bodies!
Everyone! Please! Listen!
I'm begging you!
You can't eat any more candy!
[CHOPPER] Dammit!
There's nothing I can do!
I wanna save them,
but I can't because I
don't have the strength.
[CHOPPER gasps]
Whoa! You okay?
Nami... Thank you!
[laughs] It looks like we got
here in the nick of time!
What in the hell's gotten
into those children?
They've become even
more violent!
Momonosuke! Where are you?
[CHOPPER sobs]
I'm glad you're here!
I can't handle them alone!
Hey, wanna tell us
what's goin' on, buddy?
Caesar Clown's trying to turn
the poor children into giants,
because he wants to them all
to become vicious soldiers.
And he's doing it by giving
them drugged candy!
You've gotta stop the kids
before they can consume
any more of it!
The Biscuit Room's down
the hall to the left!
That's where they get the candy!
There's a girl named Mocha
who's been helping me.
She's the only child who's
in their right mind.
We've been working together
to keep the others from
getting back in the room,
but now she's in danger!
She's been protecting the candy
and she's all by herself!
[CHILDREN]
Candy!
[SYND]
We made it! Ah!
Candy!
We've gotta help Mocha!
Mil Fleurs. Gigantesco Mano!
I'll hold them off while
you go find the girl!
'Kay, thanks!
Get outta the way!
[BOYS grunt]
[grunts] I'm afraid I can't hold
them off much longer.
[USOPP]
They sure are determined
to get their hands
on that stuff!
There she is!
[DOLAN]
Mocha!
[SYND]
Give us candy!
[CHILDREN shout]
You can't have any! Can't you
see it's bad for you?
[CHILDREN]
Candy!
I'm telling you guys,
this is what's making us sick!
Look what it did to you!
We asked Chopper and
his friends to help us
get out of this place, remember?
It's mine! Gimme!
No! We've gotta listen to them
or we'll never get back home!
It's no use, they're too strong!
Let go and run!
Ah! No, I can't!
[DOLAN] That's no fair!
We want some too!
Hey! Chase her!
Wait, Mocha! You can't eat
that piece all by yourself!
Share it with us!
[MOCHA]
I can't let them have it!
I wanna go home and I know
deep down they do, too!
[gasps]
What?
[CHILDREN grunt]
[USOPP shivers] So cold!
It's freezin' in here!
[MOCHA] The exit's blocked!
What should I do?
[MONET chuckles] You don't have
to worry about a thing,
Mocha dear.
It's Monet!
Wait, who the hell is she?
[USOPP yells]
It's her!
She's the crazy bird-woman
I told you guys about!
Monet, help me! Please!
Mocha. You shouldn't
hog all of the candy.
Be a nice girl and share it
with the others, okay?
[MOCHA]
Huh?
[CHILDREN yell]
It seems the
winged-woman uses sorcery!
She's a Logia type?
So she's our enemy, huh?
[chuckles]
Monet? But why?
So, do either one of you guys
know what happened to the boy?
[SUBORDINATE A]
A boy? Here?
[GINKO]
Hm!
He went into the "secret room"
that nobody's
supposed to go into.
And then all of a sudden,
he turned into a little dragon.
His name is Momonosuke.
[SUBORDINATE B] A brat
who turned into a dragon?
Uh! I mean "the boy"!
[SUBORDINATE A] How did you
know about that, young lady?
Well, to tell the truth,
I saw it all happen.
But I decided not to tell
anybody about it 'cause
we weren't supposed
to be in there.
We came here on the same boat.
When I saw him change,
it scared me.
I'm worried about him.
[SUBORDINATE B]
Oh, I see!
There's no need for you
to worry! He's fine!
[SUBORDINATE A] This laboratory
is big and it's got lots
of treatment rooms
scattered throughout it.
He's just being kept in a
different part of the lab,
that's all.
Oh, really? Do you know if
he's had something to eat?
I dunno why, but he wouldn't
even touch his food.
[SUBORDINATE B] Yeah, we got
him to start eating again.
Don't you worry about him.
He's doing just fine now.
Listen, whatever you do,
don't tell anyone about the
boy or the "secret room".
Not even the other kids.
It'll be our little secret.
[GINKO]
Okay!
[SUBORDINATE A] I can't believe
that one of the children
found out about it.
[SUBORDINATE B] We have to let
the Master know right away.
[CAESAR CLOWN] I never
thought I'd have to enter
this secret room,
much less make use of it.
[sighs] But right now,
I'm afraid it's the only option.
Pity.
[CAESAR CLOWN] They just had
to go and ruin everything!
Oh, how I wish it had all
gone according to my plan.
It would've been
an amazing show!
One that's more befitting of the
world's greatest scientist.
But then they came along
and spoiled all the fun.
Straw Hat Luffy!
His pirate crew!
The Navy G-5!
And Trafalgar Law!
They will regret it.
I'll make sure of that.
When I'm done with them,
they're going to wish
they'd been sent to hell!
Bow down to my
scientific prowess!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[VERGO, LAW grunt]
[grunts] Lemme guess,
you're pissed off because
your scheme has come
crashing down all around you.
This thing's really
important to you guys, huh?
It's a hunk of junk!
[groans]
I would watch my mouth
if I were you, Law.
[yells]
Dammit...! Room!
Now, my heart! Come back to me!
[gasps]
[LAW groans]
[VERGO]
Hm?
Here's a Counter Shock!
[coughs]
[VERGO]
I have a message from Joker.
He said that it's "a shame."
[LAW]
My attack didn't work!
[LAW] I knew exactly how to get
my heart back from Caesar,
but I didn't expect
to see you here.
I should've guessed
you were his lackey.
Don't you have better
things to do? Well, Vergo?
Mr. Vergo!
[LAW yells]
[yells]
[pants]
[VERGO] I'm kinda in
the middle of something.
Does it have to be now...
...Vice Admiral Smoker?
Whatever.
Been meanin' to kill you,
might as well get it over with.
[grunts]
[SMOKER] Go ahead and try!
The sooner the better.
I can only look at
trash for so long.
Before I have to... take it out.
[SMOKER] Especially
filthy pirates... like you.
[NARRATOR] While Smoker
is filler with rage
at the news of his subordinates,
Vergo confronts him
with powerful Haki.
With the Navy's pride
and honor on the line,
the two titans
challenge one another
in an epic fight.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Fists Collide! A Battle
of the Two Vice Admirals!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!